Modify http cred provider resolving logic (#4961)
aws/aws-sdk-go: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

### SDK Enhancements

### SDK Bugs

> * `aws/defaults`: endpoint credentials provider: add support for dynamic auth token from file and EKS container host in absolute/relative URIs.
>   * Supports upcoming IRSAv2 authentication in EKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `aws/defaults`: Feature updates to endpoint credentials provider.
  * Add support for dynamic auth token from file and EKS container host in configured URI.
```

> * `aws/defaults`: Modify http credential provider resolving logic to allow EKS/ECS container host and auth token file.
>   * Fix http cred provider only allows local hosts endpoint and auth token directly set in env var 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `aws/defaults`: endpoint credentials provider: add support for dynamic auth token from file and EKS container host in absolute/relative URIs.
  * Supports upcoming IRSAv2 authentication in EKS.
```
